add doc for tidb_allow_tiflash_cop (#15667)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Unit: Bytes
- This variable is used to control the threshold at which the TiDB server prefers to send read requests to a replica in the same availability zone as the TiDB server when [`tidb_replica_read`](#tidb_replica_read-new-in-v40) is set to `closest-adaptive`. If the estimated result is higher than or equal to this threshold, TiDB prefers to send read requests to a replica in the same availability zone. Otherwise, TiDB sends read requests to the leader replica.

### tidb_allow_tiflash_cop <span class="version-mark">New in v7.3.0</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): No
- Type: Boolean
- Default value: `OFF`

> - When TiDB dispatches computation tasks to TiFlash, there are three methods(or protocols): Cop, BatchCop and MPP. Compared to Cop/BatchCop, the MPP protocol is more mature and offers better task/resource management. Therefore, using the MPP protocol is more recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When TiDB dispatches computation tasks to TiFlash, there are three methods (or protocols) to choose from: Cop, BatchCop, and MPP. Compared to Cop and BatchCop, the MPP protocol is more mature and offers better task and resource management. Therefore, it is recommended to use the MPP protocol.
```

> - When TiDB dispatches computation tasks to TiFlash, there are three methods (or protocols) to choose from: Cop, BatchCop, and MPP. Compared to Cop and BatchCop, the MPP protocol is more mature and offers better task and resource management. Therefore, it is recommended to use the MPP protocol.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When TiDB pushes computation tasks down to TiFlash, there are three methods (or protocols) to choose from: Cop, BatchCop, and MPP. Compared to Cop and BatchCop, the MPP protocol is more mature and offers better task and resource management. Therefore, it is recommended to use the MPP protocol.
```

>     - `0` or `OFF`: the optimizer will only generate plans that use TiFlash MPP protocol.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `0` or `OFF`: the optimizer only generates plans that use TiFlash MPP protocol.
```

>     - `1` or `ON`: the optimizer determines whether to use the Cop, BatchCop, and MPP protocol based on the cost estimation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `1` or `ON`: the optimizer determines whether to use the Cop, BatchCop, or  MPP protocol for generating execution plans based on the cost estimation.
```

>     - `0` or `OFF`, which means the optimizer will only generate plans that using TiFlash MPP protocol.
>     - `1` or `ON`, which means the optimizer determines whether to use the Cop, BatchCop and MPP protocol based on the cost estimation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `0` or `OFF`: the optimizer will only generate plans that use TiFlash MPP protocol.
    - `1` or `ON`: the optimizer determines whether to use the Cop, BatchCop, and MPP protocol based on the cost estimation.
```
